Beavertails Finetuning Notebook Changes (#6)
cleanlab/cleanlab-tools: README.md

| 1 | [few_shot_prompt_selection](few_shot_prompt_selection/few_shot_prompt_selection.ipynb) | Notebook showing how to clean few-shot examples pool to improve prompt template for OpenAI LLM.|
| 2 | [generate_llm_response](generate_llm_response/generate_llm_response.ipynb) | Notebook showing how to generate LLM responses for customer service requests using Llama 2 and OpenAI's API.|
| 3 | [fine_tuning_data_curation](fine_tuning_data_curation/fine_tuning_data_curation.ipynb) | Notebook showing how to use Cleanlab TLM and Cleanlab Studio to detect bad data in instruction tuning LLM datasets.|

> | 4 | [fine_tuning_mistral_beavertails](fine_tuning_mistral_beavertails/beavertails.ipynb) | Notebook showing how to detect and analyze human annotated toxicity labels using Cleanlab Studio and thereby generating safer or better responses from LLM.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 4 | [fine_tuning_mistral_beavertails](fine_tuning_mistral_beavertails/beavertails.ipynb) | Analyze human annotated AI-safety-related labels (like toxicity) using Cleanlab Studio, and thus generate safer responses from LLMs.|
```
